used when referring to someone or something for the first time in a text or conversation.
possession of the means or skill to do something.
on the subject of; concerning.
at a higher level or layer than.
consent to receive or undertake (something offered).
as stated by or in.
a report or description of an event or experience.
from one side to the other of (a place, area, etc.).
take action; do something.
the fact or process of doing something, typically to achieve an aim.
a thing that a person or group does or has done.
as the truth or facts of a situation; really.
join (something) to something else so as to increase the size, number, or amount.
the particulars of the place where someone lives or an organization is situated.
the process or activity of running a business, organization, etc.
confess to be true or to be the case.
a person who is fully grown or developed.
have an effect on; make a difference to.
in the time following (an event or another period of time).
another time; once more.
in opposition to.
the length of time that a person has lived or a thing has existed.
a business or organization providing a particular service on behalf of another business, person, or group.
a person who acts on behalf of another person or group.
before the present; earlier (used with a measurement of time).
have the same opinion about something; concur.
harmony or accordance in opinion or feeling.
further forward in space; in the line of one's forward motion.
the invisible gaseous substance surrounding the earth, a mixture mainly of oxygen and nitrogen.
used to refer to the whole quantity or extent of a particular group or thing.
let (someone) have or do something.
not quite; very nearly.
having no one else present.
moving in a constant direction on (a road, path, or any more or less horizontal surface).
before or by now or the time in question.
in addition; too.
in spite of the fact that; even though.
at all times; on all occasions.
relating to the continents of America.
situated more or less centrally in relation to (several other things).
a quantity of something, especially the total of a thing or things in number, size, value, or extent.
detailed examination of the elements or structure of something.
used to connect words of the same part of speech, clauses, or sentences, that are to be taken jointly.
a living organism that feeds on organic matter, typically having specialized sense organs and nervous system and able to respond rapidly to stimuli.
used to refer to an additional person or thing of the same type as one already mentioned or known about; one more; a further.
a thing that is said, written, or done as a reaction to a question, statement, or situation.
used to refer to one or some of a thing or number of things, no matter how much or how many.
any person or people.
used to refer to a thing, no matter what.
come into sight; become visible or noticeable, especially without apparent cause.
make a formal application or request.
come near or nearer to (someone or something) in distance or time.
a region or part of a town, a country, or the world.
give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view.
each of the two upper limbs of the human body from the shoulder to the hand.
located or situated on every side.
reach a place at the end of a journey or a stage in a journey.
the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture, producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power.
a particular item or object.
a person who creates paintings or drawings as a profession or hobby.
used in comparisons to refer to the extent or degree of something.
say something in order to obtain an answer or some information.
suppose to be the case, without proof.
expressing location or arrival in a particular place or position.
take aggressive military action against (a place or enemy forces) with weapons or armed force.
notice taken of someone or something; the regarding of someone or something as interesting or important.
a person, typically a lawyer, appointed to act for another in business or legal matters.
the assembled spectators or listeners at a public event such as a play, film, concert, or meeting.
a writer of a book, article, or document.
the power or right to give orders, make decisions, and enforce obedience.
able to be used or obtained; at someone's disposal.
keep away from or stop oneself from doing (something).
to or at a distance from a particular place, person, or thing.
a very young child.
the rear surface of the human body from the shoulders to the hips.
of poor quality or a low standard.
a flexible container with an opening at the top, used for carrying things.
a solid or hollow spherical or egg-shaped object that is kicked, thrown, or hit in a game.
the land alongside or sloping down to a river or lake.
a counter in a pub, restaurant, or cafe across which drinks or refreshments are served.
the lowest part or edge of something, especially the part on which it rests or is supported.
exist.
strike (a person or an animal) repeatedly and violently so as to hurt or injure them, typically with an implement such as a club or whip.
pleasing the senses or mind aesthetically.
for the reason that; since.
begin to be.
a piece of furniture for sleep or rest, typically a framework with a mattress.
during the period of time preceding a particular event or time.
perform or undergo the first part of (an action or activity).
the way in which one acts or conducts oneself, especially towards others.
at or to the far side of (something), typically so as to be hidden by it.
accept that (something) is true, especially without proof.
an advantage or profit gained from something.
of the most excellent or desirable type or quality.
more desirable, satisfactory, or effective.
at, into, or across the space separating (two objects or regions).
at or to the further side of.
of considerable size or extent.
a printed or written statement of the money owed for goods or services.
the number equivalent to the product of a thousand and a million; 1,000,000,000 or 10^9.
a small piece, part, or quantity of something.
of the very darkest colour owing to the absence of or complete absorption of light; the opposite of white.
the red liquid that circulates in the arteries and veins of humans and other vertebrate animals, carrying oxygen to and carbon dioxide from the tissues of the body.
of a colour intermediate between green and violet, as of the sky or sea on a sunny day.
a long, thin, flat piece of wood or other hard material, used for floors or other building purposes.
the physical structure, including the bones, flesh, and organs, of a person or an animal.
a written or printed work consisting of pages glued or sewn together along one side and bound in covers.
existing as a result of birth.
used for emphasis to refer to two people or things, regarded and identified together.
a container with a flat base and sides, typically square or rectangular and having a lid.
a male child or youth.
separate or cause to separate into pieces as a result of a blow, shock, or strain.
take or go with (someone or something) to a place.
a man or boy in relation to other sons and daughters of his parents.
an estimate of income and expenditure for a set period of time.
construct (something) by putting parts or material together.
a structure with a roof and walls, such as a house or factory.
a person's regular occupation, profession, or trade.
used to introduce a phrase or clause contrasting with what has already been mentioned.
obtain in exchange for payment.
identifying the agent performing an action.
contact or attempt to contact (a person or number) by phone.
a device for recording visual images in the form of photographs, film, or video signals.
an organized course of action to achieve a goal.
be able to.
a disease caused by an uncontrolled division of abnormal cells in a part of the body.
a person who applies for a job or is nominated for election.
the city or town that functions as the seat of government and administrative centre of a country or region.
a four-wheeled road vehicle that is powered by an engine and is able to carry a small number of people.
a piece of thick, stiff paper or thin pasteboard, in particular one used for writing or printing on.
the provision of what is necessary for the health, welfare, maintenance, and protection of someone or something.
an occupation undertaken for a significant period of a person's life and with opportunities for progress.
support and move (someone or something) from one place to another.
an instance of a particular situation; an example of something occurring.
intercept and hold (something which has been thrown, propelled, or dropped).
a person or thing that gives rise to an action, phenomenon, or condition.
a small room in which a prisoner is locked up or in which a monk or nun sleeps.
the point that is equally distant from every point on the circumference of a circle or sphere.
at the point or in the area that is in the middle of something.
a period of one hundred years.
able to be firmly relied on to happen or be the case.
used to emphasize the speaker's belief that what is said is true.
a separate seat for one person, typically with a back and four legs.
a call to someone to participate in a competitive situation or fight to decide who is superior in terms of ability or strength.
a possibility of something happening.
make (someone or something) different; alter or modify.
the mental and moral qualities distinctive to an individual.
demand (an amount) as a price for a service rendered or goods supplied.
examine (something) in order to determine its accuracy, quality, or condition, or to detect the presence of something.
a young human being below the age of puberty or below the legal age of majority.
the right or ability to choose.
pick out (someone or something) as being the best or most appropriate of two or more alternatives.
a building used for public Christian worship.
a legally recognized subject or national of a state or commonwealth, either native or naturalized.
a large town.
relating to ordinary citizens and their concerns, as distinct from military or ecclesiastical matters.
state or assert that something is the case, typically without providing evidence or proof.
a set or category of things having some property or attribute in common and differentiated from others by kind, type, or quality.
easy to perceive, understand, or interpret.
in a clear manner; with clarity.
only a short distance away or apart in space or time.
a railway carriage.
of or at a low or relatively low temperature, especially when compared with the human body.
the action or process of collecting someone or something.
an educational institution or establishment, in particular one providing higher education or specialized professional or vocational training.
the property possessed by an object of producing different sensations on the eye as a result of the way it reflects or emits light.
move or travel towards or into a place thought of as near or familiar to the speaker.
concerned with or engaged in commerce.
occurring, found, or done often; prevalent.
a group of people living in the same place or having a particular characteristic in common.
a commercial business.
estimate, measure, or note the similarity or dissimilarity between.
an electronic device for storing and processing data, typically in binary form, according to instructions given to it in a variable program.
relate to; be about.
the state of something with regard to its appearance, quality, or working order.
a formal meeting of people with a shared interest, typically one that takes place over several days.
a formal meeting or series of meetings for discussion between delegates, especially those from a political party, trade union, or from within a particular sphere of activity.
think carefully about (something), typically before making a decision.
a person who purchases goods and services for personal use.
have or hold (someone or something) within.
persist in an activity or process.
the power to influence or direct people's behaviour or the course of events.
(of an object or action) require the payment of (a specified sum of money) before it can be acquired or done.
past of "can".
a nation with its own government, occupying a particular territory.
two people or things of the same sort considered together.
the route or direction followed by a ship, aircraft, road, or river.
a body of people presided over by a judge, judges, or magistrate, and acting as a tribunal in civil and criminal cases.
put something on top of or in front of (something), especially in order to protect or conceal it.
bring (something) into existence.
an action or omission which constitutes an offence and is punishable by law.
relating to the ideas, customs, and social behaviour of a society.
the arts and other manifestations of human intellectual achievement regarded collectively.
a small bowl-shaped container for drinking from, typically having a handle.
belonging to the present time; happening or being used or done now.
a person who buys goods or services from a shop or business.
make an opening, incision, or wound in (something) with a sharp-edged tool or object.
(of a colour or object) not reflecting much light; approaching black in shade.
facts and statistics collected together for reference or analysis.
a girl or woman in relation to either or both of her parents.
each of the twenty-four-hour periods, reckoned from one midnight to the next, into which a week, month, or year is divided, and corresponding to a rotation of the earth on its axis.
no longer alive.
take part in commercial trading of a particular commodity.
the action or fact of dying or being killed; the end of the life of a person or organism.
a formal discussion on a particular matter in a public meeting or legislative assembly, in which opposing arguments are put forward and which usually ends with a vote.
a period of ten years.
come or bring to a resolution in the mind as a result of consideration.
a conclusion or resolution reached after consideration.
extending far down from the top or surface.
the action of defending from or resisting attack.
the amount, level, or extent to which something happens or is present.
an advocate or supporter of democracy.
relating to or supporting democracy or its principles.
give a detailed account in words of.
a plan or drawing produced to show the look and function or workings of a building, garment, or other object before it is made.
without being affected by; in spite of.
an individual fact or item.
ascertain or establish exactly by research or calculation.
grow or cause to grow and become more mature, advanced, or elaborate.
the process of developing or being developed.
(of a person, animal, or plant) stop living.
a point or way in which people or things are dissimilar.
not the same as another or each other; unlike in nature, form, or quality.
needing much effort or skill to accomplish, deal with, or understand.
the main meal of the day, taken either around midday or in the evening.
a course along which someone or something moves.
a person who is in charge of an activity, department, or organization.
find unexpectedly or during a search.
talk about (something) with a person or people.
the action or process of talking about something in order to reach a decision or to exchange ideas.
a disorder of structure or function in a human, animal, or plant, especially one that produces specific symptoms or that affects a specific location and is not simply a direct result of physical injury.
perform (an action, the precise nature of which is often unspecified).
a person who is qualified to treat people who are ill.
a domesticated carnivorous mammal that typically has a long snout, an acute sense of smell, non-retractable claws, and a barking, howling, or whining voice.
a hinged, sliding, or revolving barrier at the entrance to a building, room, or vehicle, or in the framework of a cupboard.
towards or in a lower place or position, especially to or on the ground or another surface.
produce (a picture or diagram) by making lines and marks on paper with a pencil, pen, etc.
a series of thoughts, images, and sensations occurring in a person's mind during sleep.
operate and control the direction and speed of a motor vehicle.
let or make (something) fall vertically.
a medicine or other substance which has a physiological effect when ingested or otherwise introduced into the body.
throughout the course or duration of (a period of time).
used to refer to every one of two or more people or things, regarded and identified separately.
happening or done before the usual or expected time.
the direction towards the point of the horizon where the sun rises at the equinoxes, on the right-hand side of a person facing north, or the point on the horizon itself.
achieved without great effort; presenting few difficulties.
put (food) into the mouth and chew and swallow it.
relating to economics or the economy.
the state of a country or region in terms of the production and consumption of goods and services and the supply of money.
the outside limit of an object, area, or surface.
the process of receiving or giving systematic instruction, especially at a school or university.
a change which is a result or consequence of an action or other cause.
a vigorous or determined attempt.
equivalent to the product of two and four; one more than seven, or two less than ten; 8.
used before the first of two (or occasionally more) given alternatives (the other being introduced by ‘or’).
a formal and organized choice by vote of a person for a political office or other position.
in addition; besides.
a person employed for wages or salary, especially at non-executive level.
a final part of something, especially a period of time, an activity, or a story.
the strength and vitality required for sustained physical or mental activity.
take delight or pleasure in (an activity or occasion).
as much or as many as required.
come or go into (a place).
with no part left out; whole.
the surroundings or conditions in which a person, animal, or plant lives or operates.
relating to the natural world and the impact of human activity on its condition.
used to single out one person or thing over all others.
set up on a firm or permanent basis.
flat and smooth.
the period of time at the end of the day, usually from about 6 p.m. to bedtime.
a thing that happens or takes place, especially one of importance.
at any time.
used before a singular noun to refer to all the individual members of a set without exception.
every person.
every person.
all things.
the available body of facts or information indicating whether a belief or proposition is true or valid.
used to emphasize the accuracy of a figure or description.
a thing characteristic of its kind or illustrating a general rule.
relating to or having the power to put plans or actions into effect.
have objective reality or being.
regard (something) as likely to happen.
practical contact with and observation of facts or events.
a person who is very knowledgeable about or skilful in a particular area.
make (an idea or situation) clear to someone by describing it in more detail or revealing relevant facts.
each of a pair of globular organs of sight in the head of humans and vertebrate animals.
the front part of a person's head from the forehead to the chin, or the corresponding part in an animal.
a thing that is known or proved to be true.
a circumstance, fact, or influence that contributes to a result.
be unsuccessful in achieving one's goal.
move from a higher to a lower level, typically rapidly and without control.
a group of one or more parents and their children living together as a unit.
at, to, or by a great distance (used to indicate the extent to which one thing is distant from another).
moving or capable of moving at high speed.
a man in relation to his child or children.
an unpleasant emotion caused by the threat of danger, pain, or harm.
having or relating to a system of government in which several states form a unity but remain independent in internal affairs.
be aware of (a person or object) through touching or being touched.
an emotional state or reaction.
a small number of.
an area of open land, especially one planted with crops or pasture, typically bounded by hedges or fences.
take part in a violent struggle involving the exchange of physical blows or the use of weapons.
a number, especially one which forms part of official statistics or relates to the financial performance of a company.
cause (a space or container) to become full or almost full.
a thin flexible strip of plastic or other material coated with light-sensitive emulsion for exposure in a camera, used to produce photographs or motion pictures.
coming at the end of a series.
after a long time, typically when there has been difficulty or delay.
relating to finance.
discover or perceive by chance or unexpectedly.
of very high quality; very good of its kind.
each of the four slender jointed parts attached to either hand (or five, if the thumb is included).
bring (a task or activity) to an end; complete.
a process in which substances combine chemically with oxygen from the air and typically give out bright light, heat, and smoke; combustion or burning.
having a solid, almost unyielding surface or structure.
coming before all others in time or order; earliest; 1st.
a limbless cold-blooded vertebrate animal with gills and fins living wholly in water.
equivalent to the sum of two and three; one more than four, or half of ten; 5.
the lower surface of a room, on which one may walk.
(of a bird, bat, or insect) move through the air using wings.
the centre of interest or activity.
go or come after (a person or thing proceeding ahead); move or travel behind.
any nutritious substance that people or animals eat or drink or that plants absorb in order to maintain life and growth.
the lower extremity of the leg below the ankle, on which a person stands or walks.
strength or energy as an attribute of physical action or movement.
of, from, in, or characteristic of a country or language other than one's own.
fail to remember.
the visible shape or configuration of something.
having previously been a particular thing.
in the direction that one is facing or travelling; towards the front.
equivalent to the product of two and two; one more than three, or six less than ten; 4.
able to act or be done as one wishes; not under the control of another.
a person with whom one has a bond of mutual affection, typically one exclusive of sexual or family relations.
indicating the point in space at which a journey, motion, or action starts.
the side or part of an object that presents itself to view or that is normally seen or used first; the most forward part of something.
containing or holding as much or as many as possible; having no empty space.
a sum of money saved or made available for a particular purpose.
a period of time following the moment of speaking or writing; time regarded as still to come.
an activity that one engages in for amusement or fun.
a piece of ground adjoining a house, in which grass, flowers, and shrubs may be grown.
a substance or matter in a state in which it will expand freely to fill the whole of a container, having no fixed shape (unlike a solid) and no fixed volume (unlike a liquid).
affecting or concerning all or most people or things; widespread.
all of the people born and living at about the same time, regarded collectively.
come to have (something); receive.
a female child.
freely transfer the possession of (something) to (someone).
a hard, brittle substance, typically transparent or translucent, made by fusing sand with soda and lime and cooling rapidly. It is used to make windows, drinking containers, and other articles.
move from one place to another; travel.
the object of a person's ambition or effort; an aim or desired result.
to be desired or approved of.
the group of people with the authority to govern a country or state; a particular ministry in office.
of an extent, amount, or intensity considerably above average.
of the colour between blue and yellow in the spectrum; coloured like grass or emeralds.
the solid surface of the earth.
a number of people or things that are located, gathered, or classed together.
(of a living thing) undergo natural development by increasing in size and changing physically.
the process of increasing in size.
estimate or conclude (something) without sufficient information to be sure of being correct.
a weapon incorporating a metal tube from which bullets, shells, or other missiles are propelled by explosive force, typically making a characteristic loud, sharp noise.
a man.
any of the fine threadlike strands growing from the skin of humans, mammals, and some other animals.
either of two equal or corresponding parts into which something is or can be divided.
the end part of a person's arm beyond the wrist, including the palm, fingers, and thumb.
suspend or be suspended from above with the lower part dangling free.
take place; occur.
feeling or showing pleasure or contentment.
solid, firm, and rigid; not easily broken, bent, or pierced.
possess, own, or hold.
used to refer to a man, boy, or male animal previously mentioned or easily identified.
the upper part of the human body, or the front or upper part of the body of an animal, typically separated from the rest of the body by a neck, and containing the brain, mouth, and sense organs.
the state of being free from illness or injury.
perceive with the ear the sound made by (someone or something).
a hollow muscular organ that pumps the blood through the circulatory system by rhythmic contraction and dilation. In vertebrates there may be up to four chambers (as in humans), with two atria and two ventricles.
the quality of being hot; high temperature.
of great weight; difficult to lift or move.
make it easier or possible for (someone) to do something by offering one's services or resources.
used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a female person or animal previously mentioned or easily identified.
in, at, or to this place or position.
used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a female person or animal previously mentioned as the subject of the clause.
of great vertical extent.
used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a male person or animal previously mentioned or easily identified.
used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a male person or animal previously mentioned as the subject of the clause.
belonging to or associated with a male person or animal previously mentioned or easily identified.
the study of past events, particularly in human affairs.
bring one's hand or a tool or weapon into contact with (someone or something) quickly and forcefully.
grasp, carry, or support with one's hands.
the place where one lives permanently, especially as a member of a family or household.
a feeling of expectation and desire for a particular thing to happen.
an institution providing medical and surgical treatment and nursing care for sick or injured people.
having a high degree of heat or a high temperature.
an establishment providing accommodation, meals, and other services for travellers and tourists.
a period of time equal to a twenty-fourth part of a day and night and divided into 60 minutes.
a building for human habitation, especially one that consists of a ground floor and one or more upper storeys.
in what way or manner; by what means.
used to introduce a statement that contrasts with or seems to contradict something that has been said previously.
extremely large; enormous.
relating to or characteristic of humankind.
the number equivalent to the product of ten and ten; ten more than ninety; 100.
a married man considered in relation to his spouse.
the ninth letter of the alphabet.
a thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action.
establish or indicate who or what (someone or something) is.
(introducing a conditional clause) on the condition or supposition that; in the event that.
a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.
form a mental image or concept of.
the action of one object coming forcibly into contact with another.
of great significance or value.
make or become better.
expressing the situation of something that is or appears to be enclosed or surrounded by something else.
comprise or contain as part of a whole.
containing as part of the whole being considered.
become or make greater in size, amount, or degree.
used to emphasize a statement or response confirming something already suggested.
point out; show.
single; separate.
economic activity concerned with the processing of raw materials and manufacture of goods in factories.
facts provided or learned about something or someone.
the inner side or surface of something.
as an alternative or substitute.
an organization founded for a religious, educational, professional, or social purpose.
the feeling of wanting to know or learn about something or someone.
arousing curiosity or interest; holding or catching the attention.
existing, occurring, or carried on between nations.
a meeting of people face to face, especially for consultation.
expressing movement or action with the result that someone or something becomes enclosed or surrounded by something else.
the action or process of investing money for profit.
have or include (something) as a necessary or integral part or result.
an important topic or problem for debate or discussion.
used to refer to a thing previously mentioned or easily identified.
an individual article or unit, especially one that is part of a list, collection, or set.
belonging to or associated with a thing previously mentioned or easily identified.
used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a thing or animal previously mentioned as the subject of the clause.
a paid position of regular employment.
link; connect.
based on or behaving according to what is morally right and fair.
have or retain possession of.
a small piece of shaped metal with incisions cut to fit the wards of a particular lock, which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it.
a child or young person.
cause the death of (a person, animal, or other living thing).
a group of people or things having similar characteristics.
a room or area where food is prepared and cooked.
be aware of through observation, inquiry, or information.
facts, information, and skills acquired through experience or education; the theoretical or practical understanding of a subject.
the part of the earth's surface that is not covered by water.
the principal method of human communication, consisting of words used in a structured and conventional way and conveyed by speech, writing, or gesture.
of considerable or relatively great size, extent, or capacity.
coming after all others in time or order; final.
doing something or taking place after the expected, proper, or usual time.
at a time in the near future; soon or afterwards.
make the spontaneous sounds and movements of the face and body that are the instinctive expressions of lively amusement and sometimes also of derision.
the system of rules which a particular country or community recognizes as regulating the actions of its members and which it may enforce by the imposition of penalties.
a person who practises or studies law, especially (in the UK) a solicitor or a barrister or (in the US) an attorney.
put (something) down gently or carefully.
cause (a person or animal) to go with one by holding them by the hand, a halter, a rope, etc. while moving forward.
the person who leads or commands a group, organization, or country.
gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught.
smallest in amount, extent, or significance.
go away from.
on, towards, or relating to the side of a human body or of a thing that is to the west when the person or thing is facing north.
each of the limbs on which a person or animal walks and stands.
relating to the law.
a smaller amount of; not as much.
not prevent or forbid; allow.
a character representing one or more of the sounds used in speech; any of the symbols of an alphabet.
a horizontal plane or line with respect to the distance above or below a given point.
(of a person or animal) be in or assume a horizontal or resting position on a supporting surface.
the condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter, including the capacity for growth, reproduction, functional activity, and continual change preceding death.
the natural agent that stimulates sight and makes things visible.
having the same characteristics or qualities as; similar to.
such as well might happen or be true; probable.
a long, narrow mark or band.
a number of connected items or names written or printed consecutively, typically one below the other.
give one's attention to a sound.
small in size, amount, or degree (often used to convey an appealing diminutiveness or express an affectionate or condescending attitude).
remain alive.
relating or restricted to a particular area or one's neighbourhood.
measuring a great distance from end to end.
direct one's gaze toward someone or something or in a specified direction.
be deprived of or cease to have or retain (something).
the fact or process of losing something or someone.
a large number or amount; a great deal.
an intense feeling of deep affection.
of less than average height from top to bottom or to the top from the ground.
an apparatus using mechanical power and having several parts, each with a definite function and together performing a particular task.
a periodical publication containing articles and illustrations, often on a particular subject or aimed at a particular readership.
chief in size or importance.
cause or enable (a condition or situation) to continue.
important, serious, or significant.
the greater number.
form (something) by putting parts together or combining substances; create.
an adult male human being.
be in charge of (a business, organization, or undertaking); run.
the process of dealing with or controlling things or people.
a person responsible for controlling or administering an organization or group of staff.
a large number of people or things.
a regular gathering of people for the purchase and sale of provisions, livestock, and other commodities.
the legally or formally recognized union of two people as partners in a personal relationship (historically and in some jurisdictions specifically a union between a man and a woman).
the matter from which a thing is or can be made.
physical substance in general, as distinct from mind and spirit; (in physics) that which occupies space and possesses rest mass, especially as distinct from energy.
expressing possibility.
a mere possibility or probability.
used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself as the object of a verb or preposition.
intend to convey or refer to (a particular thing); signify.
ascertain the size, amount, or degree of (something) by using an instrument or device marked in standard units.
the main means of mass communication (broadcasting, publishing, and the internet) regarded collectively.
relating to the science or practice of medicine.
arrange or happen to come into the presence or company of (someone).
an assembly of people for a particular purpose, especially for formal discussion.
a person, animal, or plant belonging to a particular group.
the faculty by which the mind stores and remembers information.
refer to (something) briefly and without going into detail.
a verbal, written, or recorded communication sent to or left for a recipient who cannot be contacted directly.
a particular procedure for accomplishing or approaching something, especially a systematic or established one.
the point or position at an equal distance from the sides, edges, or ends of something.
past of may.
relating to or characteristic of soldiers or armed forces.
the number equivalent to the product of a thousand and a thousand; 1,000,000 or 10^6.
the element of a person that enables them to be aware of the world and their experiences, to think, and to feel; the faculty of consciousness and thought.
a period of time equal to sixty seconds or a sixtieth of an hour.
fail to hit, reach, or come into contact with (something aimed at).
an important assignment given to a person or group of people, typically involving travel abroad.
a three-dimensional representation of a person or thing or of a proposed structure, typically on a smaller scale than the original.
relating to the present or recent times as opposed to the remote past.
a very brief period of time.
a current medium of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes; coins and banknotes collectively.
each of the twelve named periods into which a year is divided.
a greater or additional amount or degree of.
the period of time between midnight and noon, especially from sunrise to noon.
greatest in amount, quantity, or degree.
a woman in relation to her child or children.
the opening and cavity in the lower part of the human face, surrounded by the lips, through which food is taken in and vocal sounds are emitted.
go in a specified direction or manner; change position.
an act of moving.
a cinema film.
a great amount or quantity of.
vocal or instrumental sounds (or both) combined in such a way as to produce beauty of form, harmony, and expression of emotion.
be obliged to; should (expressing necessity).
belonging to or associated with the speaker.
used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself as the object of a verb or preposition when he or she is the subject of the clause.
a word or set of words by which a person or thing is known, addressed, or referred to.
a large body of people united by common descent, history, culture, or language, inhabiting a particular country or territory.
relating to or characteristic of a nation; common to a whole nation.
existing in or derived from nature; not made or caused by humankind.
the phenomena of the physical world collectively, including plants, animals, the landscape, and other features and products of the earth, as opposed to humans or human creations.
at or to a short distance away; nearby.
very close to; almost.
needed to be done, achieved, or present; essential.
require (something) because it is essential or very important rather than just desirable.
an arrangement of intersecting horizontal and vertical lines.
at no time in the past or future; not ever.
produced, introduced, or discovered recently or now for the first time; not existing before.
newly received or noteworthy information, especially about recent events.
a printed publication (usually issued daily or weekly) consisting of folded unstapled sheets and containing news, articles, advertisements, and correspondence.
(of a time) coming immediately after the time of writing or speaking.
giving pleasure or satisfaction; pleasant or attractive.
the period from sunset to sunrise in each twenty-four hours.
used to give a negative response.
by no amount; not at all.
used before the second or further of two or more alternatives (the first being introduced by a negative such as ‘neither’ or ‘not’) to indicate that they are each untrue or each do not happen.
the direction in which a compass needle normally points, towards the horizon on the left-hand side of a person facing east, or the part of the horizon lying in this direction.
used with an auxiliary verb or ‘be’ to form the negative.
a brief record of points or ideas written down as an aid to memory.
not anything; no single thing.
the fact of observing or paying attention to something.
at the present time or moment.
an arithmetical value, expressed by a word, symbol, or figure, representing a particular quantity and used in counting and making calculations.
happen; take place.
expressing the relationship between a part and a whole.
away from the place in question; to or at a distance.
present or proffer (something) for (someone) to accept or reject as desired.
a room, set of rooms, or building used as a place for commercial, professional, or bureaucratic work.
a person holding a position of authority, especially one with a commission, in the armed services, the mercantile marine, or on a passenger ship.
relating to an authority or public body and its activities and responsibilities.
frequently; many times.
used to express a range of emotions including surprise, anger, disappointment, or joy, or when reacting to a remark.
a viscous liquid derived from petroleum, especially for use as a fuel or lubricant.
used to express agreement or acceptance.
having lived for a long time; no longer young.
physically in contact with and supported by (a surface).
on one occasion or for one time only.
the lowest cardinal number; half of two; 1.
and no one or nothing more besides; solely.
variant form of on to.
allowing access, passage, or a view through an empty space; not closed or blocked.
the action of functioning or the fact of being active or in effect.
a time or set of circumstances that makes it possible to do something.
a thing that is or may be chosen.
used to link alternatives.
the arrangement or disposition of people or things in relation to each other according to a particular sequence, pattern, or method.
an organized group of people with a particular purpose, such as a business or government department.
denoting a person or thing that is different or distinct from one already mentioned or known about.
a person or thing that is different or distinct from one already mentioned or known about.
belonging to or associated with the speaker and one or more other people previously mentioned or easily identified.
moving or appearing to move away from a particular place, especially one that is enclosed or hidden.
the external side or surface of something.
extending directly upwards from.
used with a possessive to emphasize that someone or something belongs or relates to the person or thing mentioned.
a person who owns something.
one or both sides of a sheet of paper in a book, magazine, newspaper, or other collection of bound sheets.
highly unpleasant physical sensation caused by illness or injury.
the action or skill of using paint, either in a picture or as decoration.
material manufactured in thin sheets from the pulp of wood or other fibrous substances, used for writing, drawing, or printing on, or as wrapping material.
a person's father or mother.
an amount or section which, when combined with others, makes up the whole of something.
a person who takes part in something.
used to single out an individual member of a specified group or class.
to a higher degree than is usual or average.
either of a pair of people engaged together in the same activity.
a social gathering of invited guests, typically involving eating, drinking, and entertainment.
move or cause to move in a specified direction.
gone by in time and no longer existing.
able to accept or tolerate delays, problems, or suffering without becoming annoyed or anxious.
a repeated decorative design.
give (someone) money that is due for work done, goods received, or a debt incurred.
freedom from disturbance; tranquillity.
human beings in general or considered collectively.
carry out, accomplish, or fulfil (an action, task, or function).
an act of presenting a play, concert, or other form of entertainment.
used to express uncertainty or possibility.
a length or portion of time.
a human being regarded as an individual.
belonging to or affecting a particular person rather than anyone else.
a telephone.
relating to the body as opposed to the mind.
detach and remove (a flower, fruit, or vegetable) from where it is growing.
a painting or drawing.
a portion of an object or of material, produced by cutting, tearing, or breaking the whole.
a particular position, point, or area in space; a location.
a detailed proposal for doing or achieving something.
a living organism of the kind exemplified by trees, shrubs, herbs, grasses, ferns, and mosses, typically growing in a permanent site, absorbing water and inorganic substances through its roots, and synthesizing nutrients in its leaves by photosynthesis using the green pigment chlorophyll.
engage in activity for enjoyment and recreation rather than a serious or practical purpose.
a person taking part in a sport or game.
the tapered, sharp end of a tool, weapon, or other object.
the civil force of a state, responsible for the prevention and detection of crime and the maintenance of public order.
a course or principle of action adopted or proposed by an organization or individual.
relating to the government or public affairs of a country.
the activities associated with the governance of a country or area, especially the debate between parties having power.
lacking sufficient money to live at a standard considered comfortable or normal in a society.
liked or admired by many people or by a particular person or group.
all the inhabitants of a particular place.
a place where someone or something is located or has been put.
consisting in or characterized by the presence rather than the absence of distinguishing features.
able to be done or achieved.
the ability or capacity to do something or act in a particular way.
the actual application or use of an idea, belief, or method, as opposed to theories relating to it.
make (something) ready for use or consideration.
in a particular place.
the elected head of a republic
continuous physical force exerted on or against an object by something in contact with it.
(of a person, especially a woman or child) attractive in a delicate way without being truly beautiful.
keep (something) from happening.
the amount of money expected, required, or given in payment for something.
belonging to or for the use of one particular person or group of people only.
almost certainly; as far as one knows or can tell.
a matter or situation regarded as unwelcome or harmful and needing to be dealt with and overcome.
a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end.
make or manufacture from components or raw materials.
an article or substance that is manufactured or refined for sale.
the action of making or manufacturing from components or raw materials, or the process of being so manufactured.
relating to or belonging to a profession.
a university academic of the highest rank; the holder of a university chair.
a set of related measures or activities with a particular long-term aim.
an individual or collaborative enterprise that is carefully planned to achieve a particular aim.
a thing or things belonging to someone; possessions collectively.
keep safe from harm or injury.
demonstrate the truth or existence of (something) by evidence or argument.
make available for use; supply.
of or concerning the people as a whole.
exert force on (someone or something) so as to cause movement towards oneself.
the reason for which something is done or created or for which something exists.
exert force on (someone or something) in order to move them away from oneself.
move to or place in a particular position.
the standard of something as measured against other things of a similar kind; the degree of excellence of something.
a sentence worded or expressed so as to elicit information.
at a fast speed; rapidly.
to the utmost or most absolute extent or degree; absolutely; completely.
a competition between runners, horses, vehicles, etc. to see which is the fastest in covering a set course.
the transmission and reception of electromagnetic waves of radio frequency, especially those carrying sound messages.
lift or move to a higher position or level.
the area of variation between upper and lower limits on a particular scale.
a measure, quantity, or frequency, typically one measured against another quantity or measure.
used to indicate one's preference in a particular matter.
stretch out an arm in a specified direction in order to touch or grasp something.
look at and comprehend the meaning of (written or printed matter) by interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.
in a suitable state for an action or situation; fully prepared.
actually existing as a thing or occurring in fact; not imagined or supposed.
the state of things as they actually exist, as opposed to an idealistic or notional idea of them.
become fully aware of (something) as a fact; understand clearly.
in actual fact, as opposed to what is said or imagined to be true or possible.
a cause, explanation, or justification for an action or event.
be given, presented with, or paid (something).
having happened, begun, or been done not long ago; belonging to a past period comparatively close to the present.
at a recent time; not long ago.
identify (someone or something) from having encountered them before; know again.
a thing constituting a piece of evidence about the past, especially an account kept in writing or some other permanent form.
of a colour at the end of the spectrum next to orange and opposite violet, as of blood, fire, or rubies.
make smaller or less in amount, degree, or size.
(of a surface or body) throw back (heat, light, or sound) without absorbing it.
an area, especially part of a country or the world having definable characteristics but not always fixed boundaries.
make or show a connection between.
the way in which two or more people or things are connected, or the state of being connected.
relating to or believing in a religion.
continue to exist, especially after other similar people or things have ceased to do so.
have in or be able to bring to one's mind an awareness of (someone or something from the past).
take (something) away or off from the position occupied.
give a spoken or written account of something that one has observed, heard, done, or investigated.
be entitled or appointed to act or speak for (someone), especially in an official capacity.
(of a form of government, constitution, etc.) belonging to or characteristic of a republic.
need for a particular purpose.
the systematic investigation into and study of materials and sources in order to establish facts and reach new conclusions.
a stock or supply of money, materials, staff, and other assets that can be drawn on by a person or organization in order to function effectively.
say something in reply.
a verbal or written answer.
the state or fact of having a duty to deal with something or of having control over someone.
cease work or movement in order to relax, sleep, or recover strength.
a thing that is caused or produced by something else; a consequence or outcome.
come or go back to a place or person.
make (previously unknown or secret information) known to others.
having a great deal of money or assets; wealthy.
morally good, justified, or acceptable.
move from a lower position to a higher one; come or go up.
a situation involving exposure to danger.
a wide way leading from one place to another, especially one with a specially prepared surface which vehicles can use.
the solid mineral material forming part of the surface of the earth and other similar planets, exposed on the surface or underlying the soil.
an actor's part in a play, film, etc.
space that can be occupied or where something can be done.
one of a set of explicit or understood regulations or principles governing conduct or procedure within a particular area of activity.
move at a speed faster than a walk, never having both or all the feet on the ground at the same time.
protected from or not exposed to danger or risk; not likely to be harmed or lost.
identical; not different.
keep safe or rescue (someone or something) from harm or danger.
utter words so as to convey information, an opinion, a feeling or intention, or an instruction.
the place where an incident in real life or fiction occurs or occurred.
an institution for educating children.
the intellectual and practical activity encompassing the systematic study of the structure and behaviour of the physical and natural world through observation and experiment.
a person who is studying or has expert knowledge of one or more of the natural or physical sciences.
the number of points, goals, runs, etc. achieved in a game or by a team or an individual.
the expanse of salt water that covers most of the earth's surface and surrounds its land masses.
each of the four divisions of the year (spring, summer, autumn, and winter) marked by particular weather patterns and daylight hours, resulting from the earth's changing position with regard to the sun.
a thing made or used for sitting on, such as a chair or stool.
constituting number two in a sequence; coming after the first in time or order; 2nd.
any of the more or less distinct parts into which something is or may be divided or from which it is made up.
the state of being free from danger or threat.
perceive with the eyes; discern visually.
attempt to find (something).
give the impression of being something or having a particular quality.
give or hand over (something) in exchange for money.
cause to go or be taken to a particular destination; arrange for the delivery of, especially by post.
high or higher in rank or status.
a faculty by which the body perceives an external stimulus; one of the faculties of sight, smell, hearing, taste, and touch.
a number of events, objects, or people of a similar or related kind coming one after another.
demanding or characterized by careful consideration or application.
perform duties or services for (another person or an organization).
the action of helping or doing work for someone.
put, lay, or stand (something) in a specified place or position.
equivalent to the sum of three and four; one more than six, or three less than ten; 7.
more than two but not many.
(of a structure or area of land) tremble or vibrate.
a part or portion of a larger amount which is divided among a number of people, or to which a number of people contribute.
used to refer to a woman, girl, or female animal previously mentioned or easily identified.
kill or wound (a person or animal) with a bullet or arrow.
measuring a small distance from end to end.
the firing of a gun or cannon.
used to indicate obligation, duty, or correctness, typically when criticizing someone's actions.
the upper joint of each of a person's arms and the part of the body between this and the neck.
allow or cause (something) to be visible.
a position to the left or right of an object, place, or central point.
an object, quality, or event whose presence or occurrence indicates the probable presence or occurrence of something else.
sufficiently great or important to be worthy of attention; noteworthy.
having a resemblance in appearance, character, or quantity, without being identical.
easily understood or done; presenting no difficulty.
in a straightforward or plain manner.
in the intervening period between (the time mentioned) and the time under consideration, typically the present.
make musical sounds with the voice, especially words with a set tune.
only one; not one of several.
a woman or girl in relation to other daughters and sons of her parents.
adopt or be in a position in which one's weight is supported by one's buttocks rather than one's feet and one's back is upright.
an area of ground on which a town, building, or monument is constructed.
a set of circumstances in which one finds oneself; a state of affairs.
equivalent to the product of two and three; one more than five, or four less than ten; 6.
the relative extent of something; a thing's overall dimensions or magnitude; how big something is.
the ability to do something well; expertise.
the thin layer of tissue forming the natural outer covering of the body of a person or animal.
of a size that is less than normal or usual.
form one's features into a pleased, kind, or amused expression, typically with the corners of the mouth turned up and the front teeth exposed.
to such a great extent.
relating to society or its organization.
the aggregate of people living together in a more or less ordered community.
a person who serves in an army.
an unspecified amount or number of.
some person; someone.
an unknown or unspecified person; some person.
a thing that is unspecified or unknown.
occasionally, rather than all of the time.
a boy or man in relation to either or both of his parents.
a short poem or other set of words set to music or meant to be sung.
in or after a short time.
a category of things or people with a common feature; a type.
vibrations that travel through the air or another medium and can be heard when they reach a person's or animal's ear.
a place, person, or thing from which something originates or can be obtained.
the direction towards the point of the horizon 90° clockwise from east, or the point on the horizon itself.
situated in the south or directed towards or facing the south.
a continuous area or expanse which is free, available, or unoccupied.
say something in order to convey information or to express a feeling.
better, greater, or otherwise different from what is usual.
clearly defined or identified.
the expression of or the ability to express thoughts and feelings by articulate sounds.
give (money) to pay for goods, services, or so as to benefit someone or something.
an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment.
move or jump suddenly or rapidly upwards or forwards.
all the people employed by a particular organization.
a point, period, or step in a process or development.
have or maintain an upright position, supported by one's feet.
a level of quality or attainment.
a fixed luminous point in the night sky which is a large, remote incandescent body like the sun.
begin or be reckoned from a particular point in time or space.
the particular condition that someone or something is in at a specific time.
a definite or clear expression of something in speech or writing.
a place on a railway line where trains regularly stop so that passengers can get on or off.
remain in the same place.
an act or movement of putting one leg in front of the other in walking or running.
not moving or making a sound.
the goods or merchandise kept on the premises of a shop or warehouse and available for sale or distribution.
(of an event, action, or process) come to an end; cease to happen.
a quantity or supply of something kept for use as needed.
an account of imaginary or real people and events told for entertainment.
a plan of action designed to achieve a long-term or overall aim.
a public road in a city, town, or village, typically with houses and buildings on one or both sides.
having the power to move heavy weights or perform other physically demanding tasks.
the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex.
a person who is studying at a university or other place of higher education.
the devotion of time and attention to gaining knowledge of an academic subject, especially by means of books.
matter, material, articles, or activities of a specified or indeterminate kind that are being referred to, indicated, or implied.
a particular procedure by which something is done; a manner or way.
a person or thing that is being discussed, described, or dealt with.
the accomplishment of an aim or purpose.
accomplishing a desired aim or result.
of the type previously mentioned.
quickly and unexpectedly.
experience or be subjected to (something bad or unpleasant).
put forward for consideration.
the warmest season of the year, in the northern hemisphere from June to August and in the southern hemisphere from December to February.
bear all or part of the weight of; hold up.
completely confident that one is right.
the outside part or uppermost layer of something.
a set of things working together as parts of a mechanism or an interconnecting network; a complex whole.
a piece of furniture with a flat top and one or more legs, providing a level surface for eating, writing, or working at.
lay hold of (something) with one's hands; reach for and hold.
speak in order to give information or express ideas or feelings; converse or communicate by spoken words.
a piece of work to be done or undertaken.
a compulsory contribution to state revenue, levied by the government on workers' income and business profits, or added to the cost of some goods, services, and transactions.
impart knowledge to or instruct (someone) as to how to do something.
a person who teaches, especially in a school.
a group of players forming one side in a competitive game or sport.
the application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes, especially in industry.
a system for converting visual images (with sound) into electrical signals, transmitting them by radio or other means, and displaying them electronically on a screen.
communicate information to someone in spoken or written words.
equivalent to the product of five and two; one more than nine; 10.
regularly or frequently behave in a particular way or have a certain characteristic.
a word or phrase used to describe a thing or to express a concept, especially in a particular kind of language or branch of study.
a procedure intended to establish the quality, performance, or reliability of something, especially before it is taken into widespread use.
used to introduce the second element in a comparison.
express gratitude to (someone), especially by saying 'Thank you'.
used to identify a specific person or thing observed or heard by the speaker.
denoting one or more people or things already mentioned or assumed to be common knowledge.
belonging to or associated with the people or things previously mentioned or easily identified.
used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to two or more people or things previously mentioned or easily identified.
used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a group of people or things previously mentioned as the subject of the clause.
at that time; at the time in question.
a supposition or a system of ideas intended to explain something, especially one based on general principles independent of the thing to be explained.
in, at, or to that place or position.
used to identify a specific person or thing close at hand or being indicated or experienced.
used to refer to two or more people or things previously mentioned or easily identified.
an object that one need not, cannot, or does not wish to give a specific name to.
direct one's mind towards someone or something; use one's mind actively to form connected ideas.
constituting number three in a sequence; 3rd.
used to identify a specific person or thing close at hand or being indicated or experienced.
used to identify a specific person or thing observed or heard by the speaker.
despite the fact that; although.
an idea or opinion produced by thinking, or occurring suddenly in the mind.
the number equivalent to the product of a hundred and ten; 1,000.
a statement of an intention to inflict pain, injury, damage, or other hostile action on someone in retribution for something done or not done.
equivalent to the sum of one and two; one more than two; 3.
moving in one side and out of the other side of (an opening, channel, or location).
in every part of (a place or object).
propel (something) with force through the air by a movement of the arm and hand.
as a result or consequence of this; therefore.
the indefinite continued progress of existence and events in the past, present, and future regarded as a whole.
expressing motion in the direction of (a particular location).
on or in the course of this present day.
with or in proximity to another person or people.
on the present or approaching evening or night.
in addition; also.
the highest or uppermost point, part, or surface of something.
comprising the whole number or amount.
(of a substance or object) strong enough to withstand adverse conditions or rough handling.
variant of towards.
in the direction of.
a built-up area with a name, defined boundaries, and local government, that is larger than a village and generally smaller than a city.
the action of buying and selling goods and services.
existing in or as part of a tradition; long-established.
the action of teaching a person or animal a particular skill or type of behaviour.
go from one place to another, typically over a distance of some length.
behave towards or deal with in a certain way.
the manner in which someone behaves towards or deals with someone or something.
a woody perennial plant, typically having a single stem or trunk growing to a considerable height and bearing lateral branches at some distance from the ground.
a formal examination of evidence by a judge, typically before a jury, in order to decide guilt in a case of criminal or civil proceedings.
catch one's foot on something and stumble or fall.
difficulty or problems.
in accordance with fact or reality.
the quality or state of being true.
make an attempt or effort to do something.
move in a circular direction wholly or partly round an axis or point.
a system for converting visual images (with sound) into electrical signals, transmitting them by radio or other means, and displaying them electronically on a screen.
equivalent to the sum of one and one; one less than three; 2.
a category of people or things having common characteristics.
extending or directly below.
perceive the intended meaning of (words, a language, or a speaker).
an individual thing or person regarded as single and complete but which can also form an individual component of a larger or more complex whole.
up to (the point in time or the event mentioned).
towards a higher place or position.
more formal term for on, especially in abstract senses.
used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself and one or more other people as the object of a verb or preposition.
take, hold, or deploy (something) as a means of accomplishing or achieving something; employ.
under normal conditions; generally.
the regard that something is held to deserve; the importance, worth, or usefulness of something.
more than one; several.
in a high degree.
a person harmed, injured, or killed as a result of a crime, accident, or other event or action.
the ability to see something or to be seen from a particular place.
behaviour involving physical force intended to hurt, damage, or kill someone or something.
go to see and spend time with (someone) socially.
the sound produced in a person's larynx and uttered through the mouth, as speech or song.
a formal indication of a choice between two or more candidates or courses of action, expressed typically through a ballot or a show of hands.
stay where one is or delay action until a particular time or event.
move at a regular pace by lifting and setting down each foot in turn, never having both feet off the ground at once.
a continuous vertical brick or stone structure that encloses or divides an area of land.
have a desire to possess or do (something); wish for.
a state of armed conflict between different countries or different groups within a country.
look at or observe attentively over a period of time.
a colourless, transparent, odourless liquid that forms the seas, lakes, rivers, and rain and is the basis of the fluids of living organisms.
a road, track, or path for travelling along.
used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself and one or more other people considered together.
a thing designed or used for inflicting bodily harm or physical damage.
have (something) on one's body as clothing, decoration, or protection.
a period of seven days.
a body's relative mass or the quantity of matter contained by it, giving rise to a downward force; the heaviness of a person or thing.
in a good or satisfactory way.
the direction towards the point of the horizon where the sun sets at the equinoxes, on the left-hand side of a person facing north, or the part of the horizon lying in this direction.
situated in the west, or directed towards or facing the west.
asking for information specifying something.
used to emphasize a lack of restriction in referring to any thing or amount, no matter what.
at what time.
in or to what place or position.
expressing a doubt or choice between alternatives.
asking for information specifying one or more people or things from a definite set.
a period of time.
of the colour of milk or fresh snow, due to the reflection of all visible rays of light; the opposite of black.
used to introduce a clause giving further information about a person or people previously mentioned.
all of; entire.
used instead of 'who' as the object of a verb or preposition.
belonging to or associated with which person.
for what reason or purpose.
of great or more than average width.
a married woman considered in relation to her spouse.
expressing the future tense.
be successful or victorious in (a contest or conflict).
the perceptible natural movement of the air, especially in the form of a current of air blowing from a particular direction.
an opening in the wall or roof of a building or vehicle, fitted with glass in a frame to admit light or air and allow people to see out.
feel or express a strong desire or hope for something that cannot or probably will not happen.
accompanied by (another person or thing).
inside (something).
in the absence of.
an adult female human being.
a feeling of amazement and admiration, caused by something beautiful, remarkable, or unfamiliar.
a single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing, used with others (or sometimes alone) to form a sentence and typically shown with a space on either side when written or printed.
activity involving mental or physical effort done in order to achieve a purpose or result.
a person who does a specified type of work or who works in a specified way.
the earth, together with all of its countries and peoples.
feel or cause to feel anxious or troubled about actual or potential problems.
past of will, in various senses.
mark (letters, words, or other symbols) on a surface, typically paper, with a pen, pencil, or similar implement.
a person who has written something or who writes in a particular way.
not correct or true; incorrect.
a unit of linear measure equal to 3 feet (0.9144 metre).
non-standard spelling of yes, representing a pronunciation.
the time taken by the earth to make one revolution around the sun.
used to give an affirmative response.
up until the present or a specified or implied time; by now or then.
used to refer to the person or people that the speaker is addressing.
having lived or existed for only a short time.
belonging to or associated with the person or people that the speaker is addressing.
used to refer to the person being addressed as the object of a verb or preposition when they are also the subject of the clause.
used as a greeting or to begin a phone conversation.
lastai hawa manxe
